the balls must now be on their guard for
the females are becoming sexually
available and offshore males without
territories are hanging around they keep
a sharp eye out for a weakened bull or
an abandoned territory and will dash
ashore to claim it if they see a chance
once they've got a territory they can
make with its females lots of these
young hopefuls wait in the shallows one
of them thinks he sees an opportunity
no luck he is not big enough yeah
the urge to breed is so strong that
there is always some youngster prepared
to try his luck and three or four times
every day there are major battles on the
beach
these fights can be really damaging most
territory owning bulls carries severe
wounds their flippers get split their
next fabula gosh
mothers try to keep their pups out of
harm's way
another challenger concedes but he's
still in trouble for you'll have to
dodge other outraged boars on his way
back to the seat although if you are
actually killed during these fights many
will die later from their wounds or from
sheer exhaustion
you